Add DG for Command and Storage component (#72)
AY2122S2-CS2113T-T10-4/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

We pass in the`itemList`to the`Command`object instead of using a global variable to ease testing. This way, we can 
add, delete and update`Expenditure`entries in a new`itemList`during testing without affecting the actual`itemList`.

### Command component 
The source can be found in [command](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2113T-T10-4/tp/blob/master/src/main/java/seedu/mindmymoney/command)

![command_diagram](images/command_diagram.png)
<br/> Fig 5 - Command Diagram

The Command component consists of `Command` abstract class, `AddCommand`, `ByeCommand`, `DeleteCommand`, `HelpCommand`
, `ListCommand`and `UpdateCommand` class.

The Command component:
- `Command` class is an abstract class and `AddCommand`, `ByeCommand`, `DeleteCommand`, `HelpCommand`, `ListCommand`

> and `UpdateCommand`extends the `Command` class.

Reviewer: Maybe can move these 2 lines before "The Command component:"

Author: fixed

> - Parser.parseCommand() creates the different kinds of command that can be executed. Only 1 command object can be 

Reviewer: Maybe can highlight Parser.parseCommand() since it's part of our code. Also some rephrasing to suit the starting prompt "The command component:"
```suggestion
- Provides all the Command classes which can be instantiated by `Parser.parseCommand()`. The Command objects can then be executed. Only 1 Command object can be 
```

Author: fixed

created at any given time.

> - In each command class, there is a .executeCommand() method that executes what it needs to do and throws exceptions 

Reviewer: Likewise, need rephrase to suit the starting prompt
```suggestion
- Includes a `.executeCommand()` method in all Command classes which performs the relevant command and throws exceptions if an error is encountered. The error is then handled.
```

Author: fixed

> when an exception is caught.

Reviewer: Then this line is not needed
```suggestion
```

Author: fixed

### Storage component 
The source can be found in [Storage.java](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2113T-T10-4/tp/blob/master/src/main/java/seedu/mindmymoney/Storage.java)

![storage_diagram](images/storage_diagram.png)
<br/> Fig 6 - Storage Diagram

The Storage component consists of `Storage` class.

The Storage component:

> - When the program starts up, the `MMM` class will initialise a `Storage` object. The `Storage` class consists of load() 

Reviewer: Maybe highlight this
```suggestion
- When the program starts up, the `MMM` class will initialise a `Storage` object. The `Storage` class consists of a `load()` 
```

Author: fixed

> and save() functions. 

Reviewer: Rename functions to methods. Also need rephrase to suit the starting prompt "The storage component"
```suggestion
and `save()` methods. 
```

Author: fixed

> - At the same time, `MMM` will call the load function and load any data that is stored on local storage.

Reviewer: Rename function to method, and local storage to hard disk. Similar to above, need rephrase to suit the starting prompt
```suggestion
- At the same time, `MMM` will call the `load` method and load any data that is stored on the hard disk.
```

Author: fixed
